This one's different from normal jobs.
We use to command here,
which is just like a reusable job in CircleCI.
Take a look at my code, see how different yours was from mine.
Notice my command is just like a job,
but we can call it just like a function.
We're using the qualifier when
on_fail to run our command only when something has gone wrong.
This contingency is another piece in the trust-building puzzle.
Issues will arise, builds will fail.
You're not going to be judged necessarily on how often you fail,
but on how quickly and gracefully you react when failures happen,
make sure you always set up your CI/CD pipelines to fail and recover with grace.
If you struggled with this exercise,
the infrastructure creation section and
the rollback jobs sections will be useful to review.